Update zkEVM - Install dependencies doc (#304)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/architecture/user-fees.md

    \frac{|\texttt{NEGP} − \texttt{EEGP}|}{\texttt{EEGP}} \cdot 100 ≥ \texttt{FinalDeviationParameter}
    $$

    there is a big difference between executions and we may want to adjust gas price due to potential losses to the network or the user.

5. In the latter case, two options arise:
    
    - If the gas price signed is less than or equal to the accurately computed effective gas price, with the correct state root, and

    $$
    \texttt{SignedGasPrice} \leq \texttt{NEGP}
    $$

>     the network runs the risk to incur a loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the network runs the risk of incurring a loss.
```

>     Hence the user is charged the full $\texttt{SignedGasPrice}$, and the Executor therefore executes the transaction using the $\texttt{SignedGasPrice}$. And the sequencing process is concluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Hence the user is charged the full $\texttt{SignedGasPrice}$, and the executor therefore executes the transaction using the $\texttt{SignedGasPrice}$. And the sequencing process is concluded.
```

    This precaution is employed to mitigate potential vulnerabilities in deployed Smart Contracts, that arise from creating a specific condition based on the gas price, for example, to manipulate execution costs.

>     - If the transaction does not make use of the gas-price-related opcodes, the Executor executes the transaction with the more adjusted gas price, which is $\texttt{NEGP}$, and ends the sequencing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the transaction does not make use of the gas-price-related opcodes, the executor executes the transaction with the more adjusted gas price, which is $\texttt{NEGP}$, and ends the sequencing process.
```
